Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(film flicking)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- Elusive orchestra.
- [Angela] Angela Winters
reporting live downtown
at the federal courthouse
where prosecutor say defendants ran a
continuous criminal enterprise
involving everything
from drug distribution. human
trafficking. and even murder.
(upbeat music)
♪ Gonna beat the circumstances ♪
♪ Grind hard to get by ♪
♪ Trying to see a million
in cash before I die ♪
♪ Gotta see a million
♪ Circumstances. ♪
♪ Same OG same old me ♪
♪ Real nigga business
in the game low Key ♪
♪ 99 promising a couple
million dollars on the still ♪
♪ Keep it pimpin cause the game of flee ♪
♪ Racks on deck ♪
♪ Money on the couch ♪
♪ Down bad bitch got
a dozen in the house ♪
♪ See me getting money now
these niggas actin funny ♪
♪ And this suckers has got a warrant ♪
♪ Trying to run up through my
house tell em I'm back up ♪
♪ FBI wanna track us ♪
♪ Cause my hoes tear da track up ♪
♪ All we know is rack up money ♪
♪ Money getters wit the sack tucked ♪
♪ Doing numbers til we back up ♪
♪ Heavy on a crime ♪
♪ Money on my mind ♪
♪ I was doing good ♪
♪ Till they got me from behind ♪
♪ Got some killers on my line ♪
♪ Real niggas by my side ♪
♪ And the judge wanna get me ♪
♪ By the way that I provide ♪
♪ They be telling lies. ♪
♪ I'ma tell da real ♪
♪ Always on my toes ♪
♪ Cause the nigga in the field
got me grippin on the steel ♪
♪ Dippin through da Mill ♪
♪ Exit at the game for
a nigga wanna squeal ♪
♪ Now I'm thinking about appeals ♪
♪ Posting up a bail for my niggas ♪
♪ We aint have nothin worst
still with my niggas ♪
♪ Rain. sleet. snow. went
to hell with my niggas ♪
♪ Man. I hope to see the day
that I prevail with my niggas ♪
♪ Like ♪
♪ Gonna beat the circumstances ♪
♪ Grind hard to get by ♪
♪ Trying to see a million
in cash before I die ♪
♪ Gonna see a million
♪ Circumstances ♪
- I Love you.
I love you.
No. no. no. no
no.
I'm pregnant.
I love you.
- You trying to say it's my baby
- No. no. no. no
- Loyalty is everything.
even in our line of work.
- What.
fuck is wrong with you?
And why you aint wait
for me at the clinic?
- Oh.
- What's wrong with you girl.
Now this is the second day
I done seen you do this.
You ain't pregnant or no
shit like that. are you?
- It's nothing. it's nothing.
I just have a cold
and I didn't want to pass
it to the other girls.
and I needed a few days off.
that's it.
- You don't know for sure?
- This motherfucker.he fucked around
and got this bitch pregnant.
- We will never use no protection.
You still on birth control. right?
- No. but I'm not pregnant I promise.
(door hinges squeaking)
- I didn't hear you coming here.
How long have you been here?
- Not long actually.
You here alone?
- Nah. Kimmie in here.
- All right.
(high-heels clattering)
(upbeat music)
(coughing)
It's Loud
♪ Oh. ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. ♪
♪ I be on sum shit ♪
♪ Dats y yo bitch be on my dick ♪
♪ She be on my dick ♪
♪ I told da hoe da make me rich ♪
♪ We can take a pic. ♪
♪ I'm chain smokin blowin
bligs like a pack a cigs ♪
(door knocking)
- Who's it?
- It's Paris
- Oh what's up Paris?
- Hi.
- Hold on bitch you aint
coming for that. all right?
Get up in the house
sit right here.
You want something to drink?
- No. I/m good.
- you sure?
- Yeah. I'm straight.
- Yeah what's up. talk to me.
- I'm just sorry for everything I guess.
- I mean. you know what baby?
You did what you did.
I wish you wouldn't fucking did it
but I ain't thinking and
dwelling on the past.
- I want things to be different.
I don't even want to be with dude anymore
but if I come back. things
gone have to change.
- How. fuck you talking about?
- For starters I don't wanna
walk the track no more.
I'm worth way more than that Profit.
- Oh. for real you Hollywood huh.
(phone ringing)
♪ Man lil nigga u ain't
gon shoot dat! Mufuka ♪
♪ Yea aite ♪
- I'm gotta grab this.
Hello?
Hey daddy.
Yeah.
Uh hum.
okay.
I'm gotta go. but I'm
gonna give you a call.
He be tripping.
♪ I got da rite sack
pull up dey b rite back ♪
♪ Poppin 150 for da 7s
they don't like dat! ♪
♪ I jus made a 50 pull a
Rizzy yea i mite jack ♪
♪ Put on all my chains n the
club would ya light back ♪
- Aye what up P. hey man.
follow that bitch. mane.
(group chattering)
(upbeat music)
- What up baby
what's up boy?
- Man. listen these niggas
sweet man come fuck with me man
(group chattering)
its sweet man. its sweet.
(upbeat music)
- Yo.
what's up boy?
Hey. hey what's up man.
- All right baby. am good man.
- Hey. yesterday. man. look
we have so much shit going on. man.
I forgot to thank you niggas. man.
handing me all that bread like that. man.
You know what I'm saying?
That's some real shit though.
Most importantly. I want
to thank yall niggas. man
for keeping it 100 with
me all these years.
Yall ain't never tried
to play me on no shiesty.
For that.I love yall lil homies dawg.
straight up. salute
(upbeat music)
(laughing)
damn you all right?
Damn nigga
you all right?
- Yeah I'm good homie.
Woo.
- Aww bro.
I mean that shit though.
Real friends is hard to find dawg.
Y'all nigga been down. love yall man
- All right nigga. in a
minute you bout to have
us in this bitch hugging in shit.
(group chattering)
- What's up?
- I see you them niggas
heavy in the rear baby
- I told you to stay over
here. I'm about to go buy
something slick off these
niggas in the morning.
(group chattering)
(upbeat music)
- Got damn it look like y'all did well.
Shit. that nigga Bone.
that nigga had to be
up about 50 g's .
- Here you boys go.
- What's this nigga?
- What's this?
- That's for laying the stage cuz.
- Hell yea. now that's what
the fuck I'm talking about.
Hey. but check this out. next time nigga.
The house need a cut on that bag you dig.
(laughing)
- Real good one.
- Aye. I'm out of here man.
I'll catch y'all later.
- All right nigga.
I'm gonna get out of here
nigga. it's past four o'clock.
- What?
- A motherfucking curfew.
- Oh. curfew has this ass nigga man.
- Fuck you nigga.
(wind whooshing)
Damn.
fucking flat.
When the fuck this shit happen?
- Ain't no telling.
You want me shoot you to the crib
cause I know you ain't
about to be out here
fucking with that flat tire this late.
- Fuck it.
I'll get it in the morning.
Music
- Man. Playboy what's going down mane.
♪ What's up. what's up man ♪
♪ I though we was gone buy mamas houses ♪
♪ I mean. I finna buy my
mamas house now. man ♪
♪ Look at us .we rounding
round like dis here ♪
♪ I mean you know. stay
sharp on the job man ♪
♪ You know ♪
♪ Shit ♪
♪ It's part of this big
ole dream you have ♪
- Yo. it was popping tonight man
(car engine revving)
- My nigga.
- Uh hum.
- Get that weak ass tire fixed. man.
All right (indistinct)
Get your ass out of my fucking whip nigga.
- All right.
(laughing)
- Oh shit.
(gun shots roaring)
(car engine revving)
(car wheels screeching)
(upbeat music)
♪ And everybody looking for the dollar ♪
(police car siren whining)
(birds chirping)
- Good morning baby?
How you feeling?
- I'm all right
considering
what you doing here?
- We need to talk.
- Fuck we need to talk about?
- Can you have a seat?
- So now what?
- Babe I
I work for the FBI.
and they have a case against you and T.A.
Wait. wait.
- For what?
For what?
you just told me
that you work for the feds.
they got a case on me and T.A
(chuckles)
I fell like I'm about to go to jail.
Which leads me to ask
you another question.
Why you decided to tell me this?
- Because I'm pregnant.
and you're the father.
- What now?
- I said I'm pregnant
and you're the father.
baby. I think you're good. man.
Despite all that you do.
It's not like you
making these girls do
what they do for you.
I love you.
And I want to be in your world.
- So baby.
tell me
what I gotta do to get out of this mess.
I don't even have a clue.
- I don't know if we're gonna be able
to get away with everything.
A lot of aspects of the case are open.
and some are pretty shut.
(upbeat music)
♪ I just got to make sure if
I jump out the motherfucker ♪
♪ window. ♪
♪ I land on my feet. ♪
♪ Ladies and gentleman ♪
♪ Yall niggas talking loud ♪
♪ But I'm just the opposite ♪
♪ Yall niggas aint got no money ♪
♪ You talking designer shit ♪
♪ But I got the opposite.
I got the baddest bitch ♪
♪ You got the opposite ♪
♪ Opposite ♪
♪ Huh. you got the opposite ♪
♪ Opposite. opposite. opposite ♪
♪ Opposite ♪
♪ I'm just the opposite ♪
- Hey bro.
- What's up sis?
- What's going on here?
I thought y'all just
throwing some on the grill.
Who're all these people.
- They're all my friends.
How've you been?
Why you ain't call nobody?
- I'm good. I'm good.
I just didn't want mama to worry
- Oh. you heard what happen to Red?
- Come on. introduce me to your friends.
- Hey. mom.
- Hey.
- Hey (indistinct)
- Hey baby.
- You look tired baby.
- You have been sleeping. right?
- Yeah mom.
- I'm gonna go outside.
- I spoke with Devin's
mother the other day.
She's devastated about that boy's death.
I feel so sorry for them.
How've you been doing Keyshawn?
I know that was your best friend and
- Mum.
Can we please not talk
about this right now.
But what are you gonna do
with yourself now Keyshawn?
- What do you mean?
- You Know what I mean.
It would kill me if
anything happened to you
- Mum. I'm fine.
you don't have to worry about me.
- Enrolling in school doesn't
sound like a bad idea either.
- School?
Mom.
I'm fine.
I'm not moving back in with you
and I'm not going back to school.
- You know you and your sister.
- It's a barbecue outside
and everybody's having fun.
and you up here crying.
Come here.
Come here mom.
Come here. I'm fine. okay?
- Okay.
- Come here.
Come on. let's go outside.
Come on.
- Okay.
- Hey agent.
- Hey. what's going on?
- Nothing much.
- Thought you stepped out.
- I did. I had to go help my
mom rearrange some furniture.
- Oh. ain't you a wonderful daughter.
- I am. ain't I?
But listen seriously.
I just talked to Bender.
He said that we have to have this case
wrapped up by next week.
- Really?
what's the rush all of a sudden?
- I don't know.
I guess he's getting
pressure from Washington.
Listen. are you gonna
be here all afternoon?
- Uh hum.
yeah. why?
- Well. I was hoping to go over
the information about the Smith guy.
I wanted to familiarize myself
with all the aspects of the investigation.
(locker door clanking)
- In about an hour. we
can hook up in my office.
I got the files down there.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome agent.
- Good.
Hey buddy.
- Oh. hey Li.
What're you doing down here?
I thought you were busy
busting pimps undercover.
(laughing)
- You're so funny.
Yeah. I am.
I just came up here
because I need your help.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- How I can be of some assistance.
- Well. I was hoping that you could look
and see if one of the guys I'm tailing
is trafficking a minor.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Sure. let me find out.
- Aww thank you.
(laughing)
- Nope. I'm not finding anything.
- Well. thank you so much for trying.
you're so sweet.
- Thank you.
- I'll see you later.
- See you.
(upbeat music)
♪ I did the opposite ♪
♪ Opposite. opposite. opposite ♪
♪ Opposite ♪
♪ I did the opposite ♪
- I'm Keyshawn. how you doing?
- I'm Nadia. nice to meet you.
- What's up Nadia.
- Is everything all right?
- Daddy. this is my best friend. Nadia.
Nadia. this is my daddy.
- Hey. nice to meet you.
- This nigga
- what's up son?
You don't recognize your old man.
- I ain't your son.
fucking scumbag.
- I'm sorry.
I know I haven't been anything to you.
I understand you're angry.
- Hey mom. why you ain't
telling me that dude was coming.
- I didn't say anything
because I knew you would
make a big deal of it.
Besides your father is.
- Mom. please
don't be calling that nigga my father.
- Boy. have you lost your got..?
First of all. don't ever
cut me off when I'm speaking
and what did I tell you
about using that word in my presence?
Did you hear me Keyshawn?
- Yeah.
I hear you.
I'm sorry.
I gotta go.
I love you.
(clock ticking)
(car engine revving)
(upbeat music)
- What's up Pimp?
You all right?
- I see security's tight homie.
- Oh. yeah. it is.
- I can't believe my nigga's gone T.
- Shit. me either.
But trust me. that shit ain't over wit.
I've been doing my homework.
crossing my T's doting my I's.
you know all that little shit.
I think I may have found
where one of those nigga stay.
Yeah. I had one little
homies go stake out the crib.
Said dawg ain't been there
in a few days though.
- Which one of that?
- Fax.
(gun shot roaring)
- Yeah.
Paid a little piggy a couple of bands.
nigga start squealing.
giving me all the information I need.
Shit. dog even said that
we might be able to get
all three of them if we
catch them at the right time.
So don't even trip Key
I'm fade. all them niggas
at the same damn time
on my mama.
- That's good homie.
That's real good but
we got some bigger problems on our hands.
- What is it now man?
- Remember when I told you.
I don't know nigga shit.
I felt like. this bad vibe
with that bitch Kimmie.
- Yeah.
Why?
- I should have trusted that
shit. nigga. I was right.
- He was right about what?
(laughing)
what the. that bitch being the police?
- Yeah.
- Man get the fuck outta here dawg.
Hey. that's a good one though my nigga.
straight.
Key you a fool bro. stop playing nigga.
- Nigga. I wish I was playing.
the bitch gave me to
run down this morning.
They got a full investigation
on us right now.
- Get the fuck outta here bro.
- Right now T.
- Yo Key. man.
help me wrap my mind around this shit.
When you say us. you
talking about me and you?
Come on dawg.
I thought you said you
was fucking that bitch.
- I did.
Get this
the bitch is pregnant T.
- All Right pimp.
shit you got my motherfucking
attention now dawg.
Run that shit down for me.
From top to bottom nigga.
- You're all right?
- Yeah. I'm good.
I just have to go to the bathroom.
I'll be right back.
- You know what?
I have so much stuff I have to get done.
- Okay. yeah. it's not a problem.
it really wasn't much to cover anyway.
you know everything I have in this case.
I do. I do.
Well. I'll see you later.
- Hey. I'll give you a call
if I need anything else
from you tonight. all right?
- You know you gotta to
stay on top of that bitch.
- Oh. for sure. you ain't gonna tell me.
we both got a second phone.
we communicate with each
other when she get off of work
- Oh word.
- Yeah.
Look the other day.
the bitch gone call me talking about
her future plans together
and this kid and shit. right?
- You know. you gotta nurture
all of that shit though.
- No doubt nigga. yo.
(laughing)
- What you laughing for.
- Yo. look. I've been thinking about
flying to Vegas to marry the bitch.
- Get the fuck outer here.
- Yo. wait a minute.
Don't they got this law that
protects a wife from
testifying against her husband.
- Yeah. aye that's a
good idea. but you know.
she gone have a slew
of charges on her ass.
- (indistinct)
Better her than me.
What's up.
- Hey baby.
You made sure you didn't
have a tail. right?
- Of course.
- Hey baby.
- Hey.
how you doing?
- we missed you.
- Yeah. yeah.
- I know I saw you earlier.
but just got a million things on my mind
like.
the baby.
what we're gonna do
and our lives together.
Baby. are you listening?
- Yeah. yeah.
I'm listening baby.
Just got a lot of shit on my
head about my father. you know?
- Oh. I'm sorry.
You probably don't want
to talk about this.
- No. no. it's good. it's good.
How did your day go?
What's up?
- It's okay.
I mean. I threw up a bunch of times. but
that was fine.
And I came closer to executing
that plan we talked about so.
- Nice. nice.
- Thank you.
- You know what. babe.
I've been thinking. you know.
I'm thinking a lot about
me and you. you know
I have a lot of my mind. you know.
- Yeah.
- Thinking about me. you
this child we got coming.
- I want us to be a family. you know?
- Really?
- Yeah. I want us to be a family.
I want to take care of
you. I always knew that.
I get put in this situation one day.
I'll stand up and be a man about it.
take care of my responsibilities.
- Baby. that makes me so happy.
- Man. I always wanted a
little brother and sister.
I cannot wait to visit them in Detroit.
So what are the doctors saying daddy?
they can save you. right?
- It's one of the reasons
I came to see you. baby
It's not looking good.
They say I don't have much time.
Since the cancer has spread to
several organs within my body.
They really can't say at this point.
- I'm so sorry. daddy.
- It's okay baby.
Who knows?
I might beat this.
God has the final say of
who lives or dies. right?
I might be getting my just desserts.
- No. you're not daddy.
Please. don't say stuff like that.
Let's just pray that
God has another outcome
than what the doctors are saying.
- And if he doesn't?
- We'll just have to make the best
of what time we've left then won't we.
- I love you. baby.
(upbeat music)
♪ Hey. ♪
♪ I just want to know ♪
♪ What you hear for ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Look what you've done to me baby ♪
♪ Everything you do got
a nigga going crazy ♪
- Yeah. so. it's called the
Innocence and Trafficking Unit.
It targets pimps. mainly
the high profile types.
- Innocence and Trafficking Unit. huh.
- Yeah. so it really targets
the pimps that solicit minors
over instate lines.
especially Milwaukee in 19 other cities.
I'm sorry. I'm talking about work.
- It's all good.
- Well.
baby.
- Uh hum.
- What do you see?
- You know what I see?
- Yeah.
- I see
us far away from here.
I see us making a mill
when we make that mill.
(indistinct) come back.
- That sounds good.
- Yeah.
but before that.
I need your help with something.
- I'll do anything for you baby.
what do you need?
- I need you to give me some
information about some people
- You can tell me anything
you need me to get
and I can see what I can do for you.
- All right girl. come here.
♪ That's the reason
that I made this song ♪
♪ So could you be down ♪
♪ For me. yeah ♪
(door knocking)
- I just need to talk to
him just one more time.
Hope he answer.
(phone ringing)
Hello.
baby.
I promise I didn't have
anything to do with Red
getting killed.
You know I would never.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Oh.
yeah. it's 500.
Yeah.
Okay.
(door knocking)
- [reporter] A 49 year old
unidentified man (indistinct)
last night opening fire with
a 12 gang shot them in the car
in downtime. 14 people are
dead. including three children
and four other suffer serious injuries.
Police have a suspect
in custody (indistinct)
any information to help in investigation.
A government building crack
down the laboratory experience.
(footstep pattering)
59% with the temperature dropping rapidly
towards this evening.
the showers and thunderstorm
expected to continue
until tomorrow morning.
The overnight low is 38.
Rain tapering off tomorrow afternoon
followed by impartial
clearing (indistinct) 61
with winds to south east at 12
mph is currently 47 degrees.
- Hey buddy.
- Hey. what's up partner
- Nothing much.
what's going on?
- Same ole partner.
just putting together some paperwork here.
should have been filed.
I'm a little behind.
- I know how they go.
I got a ton of paperwork to do
but first I have to run some errands
and then you know.
- Errands. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I just bet you do.
- All right see you soon.
- Uh hum.
(elevator door clanging)
- Chan. details need
to be wrapped up soon.
We're turn everything over
to the US attorney's office.
so I need you be moving.
- Okay. sir.
(car horn honking)
(car engine revving)
(upbeat music)
- Baby.
we need to go shopping for today.
- Shopping huh.
All right.
You know where the money is.
Just make sure y'all don't go crazy.
Like y'all did last time you dig.
- Come on bitch Let's go get dressed
so we can do what hoes do best.
Make money and look good
while we spending some.
you feel me?
- Okay.
- Give his bitch a week off.
And she still automatic.
(phone buzzing)
Tiahmo my baby. what to do fool?
- Ain't shit. man.
Same shit. different toilet.
You already know. about that fridge man.
Nigga need some drink. man.
- Oh. for sure. I Got you
some shit in the crib.
But first man. I need you
to hit me with that shit.
- Oh for starters?
- Yeah.
- Dude. It ain't easy to find like that
but. if we put the right plan together.
- Yeah.
- We can do a nice little sweep.
- Sound good.
- Oh. for sure.
- Come listen to pimp. come on.
- What the fuck is he talking about?
Okay.
Okay. whatever.
(car engine revving)
- [reporter] 22 pounds
of heroin was seized
along with a small amount
of cocaine. marijuana
and hashish. police say the ring was.
- What's wrong baby. you okay?
- Yeah. I'm good.
How bout you?
- Well. I was able to
break into the system
and do that thing you asked me to do.
- Yeah.
- Uh hum.
- Good job. baby girl.
- Thank you.
- You trying to make daddy proud.
- I am.
- So um.
what's next?
- Well now they don't have any audio.
- What about Paris?
- Baby you already know
I'm willing to do whatever
you need me to do.
As a matter of fact. I can
get something to you tonight.
- Hmm.
Paris has been talking.
You know I can't let that happen.
You feel me?
- I understand.
(phone ringing)
- You know what time it is. green light.
- Okay.
(upbeat music)
♪ And they know we're about to do it too ♪
♪ Do it to em ♪
- Hey. hey hey. what's going on baby?
I know you know who I am. right?
- No. I don't.
- Oh. yeah. well listen. I'm Fox the P.
- Nice to meet you.
- Let me take you out that nightmare
most mutherfuckas call living.
- Oh. really.
- Yeah. oh really?
- Yeah
- Yeah. I'm saying I know
you want to get involved.
don't you?
- Get involved with what?
- I mean well shit. all
this shit right here.
you see how I fucking living. don't you?
(Police car siren whining)
What the fuck?
- Man these hoe ass...
- Fox my man..
- (indistinct) what's going on.
- Hey. hey. hey.
What's going on man?
What's up bro I been looking for you.
- You have been in my tail
all motherfucking week. man.
Detectives just wanna talk
to you down at the district.
Man let me enjoy Motherfucking
money in peace. man.
Hating ass niggas. man.
- We just gotta things up.
- This crazy as a motherfucker man.
- Oh. square bitches the nastiest sluts.
- You like that. don't you?
- Hell yeah. fuck.
- What's up nigga.
- Watch out. man.
Fuck. hold on.
Hey.
Hey. man. what the fuck going on man.
Look. dude. I don't fuck with nobody.
I'm a motherfucking pimp.
Punk ass bitch.
Whatever it is. man.
my people are paid to have
a squashed on my mama.
- Man. Bill Gates can't
save your pretty ass nigga.
This shit for. Red pussy.
(gun shot roaring)
(woman screaming)
Fuck is you shaking for?
- Tiahmo. please. please
Can I go. I did what you told me. please.
- Sorry. no witnesses.
(gun shot roaring)
(clock ticking)
- Girl. I was just reading
about this here and I was.
- Oh. Hey baby.
- Hey mom.
- I thought you was your sister.
Y'all both have the same
light walk as your grandma.
So where are you coming from?
- I had to meet somebody for lunch.
I figured out. come by and see you
before you go see grandma.
- That's so sweet of you son.
- I see Keysha done
practically moved in here.
- Not really.
you know she's here every day.
- Yeah. I see.
- And it doesn't help with
what she's going through.
thinking about your father.
- She'll be all right mom.
- I just wish she hadn't
told her about the cancer.
It's torturing that girl on the inside.
- Cancer?
- Yeah baby.
- Tim has cancer.
- Wow.
That's messed up.
I actually feel sorry for the dude.
How long did they give him?
- Not long.
Baby.
I just want you to promise me
that whatever feelings you have about him.
you won't allow them to interfere
with what your sister
may be going through.
Okay?
- Okay. mom.
- That's all I ask.
- For yall.
- Okay. thank you baby.
- Alright. mom.
Don't you got a flight to catch
and how you getting to the airport?
- You're taking me.
(group chattering)
- What the fuck.
I thought you said this
was supposed to be.
What the fuck
(shoes squeaking)
What the fuck.
I'm Fox motherfucking P. nigga.
The whole city know me.
Man you niggas is dead.
You hear me. man.
- It's glad to see you
officers made here safely.
(chuckles)
- Man get the hell out of here.
How'd that other thing go?
- Everything is copasetic.
Homie checked out.
See. what you don't know is.
your other little brother.
We clipped his ass while
he was getting some pussy.
And it's sad to say that
y'all not gone go that smooth
Guess it's fucked up being
the older brothers huh.
- Oh. yeah.
Hey. man. cut me the fuck up
off these motherfuckers. man.
- You ready nigga?
Good night. nigga.
- You niggas gone have to kill me.
You niggas gone have to kill me
(gun shot roaring)
( Tiahmo roaring)
- All right. we have no more
time ladies and gentlemen.
these people have gone completely mad
and it starting to make us look bad.
Many things that the
Bureau is moving too slow
on the investigation of these individuals.
Thus making for a relaxed environment.
which is causing all the
violence surrounding our case.
- So do you think we're ready?
- At this point agent. we have no choice.
We'll have to go with what we have
which I believe is enough to put them away
for a substantial amount of time.
I want you guys to secure body warrants
for all six of these.
We'll need them by this afternoon.
Let's get moving people.
I don't want any excuses.
I want them in the city by 1300.
- Yeah. so I'll be meeting the
Marshals there this evening.
Yes. I'll call you when I get there.
Okay. Thank you.
- Baby.
I had a meeting with my boss this morning
and
they're talking indictments.
agents are going to round up the girls now
to try and get them to testify.
- What the fuck?
Already.
shit man.
I don't get it.
Why so soon?
- I mean. with the way the
guys were found this morning.
we're getting pressure from everywhere
to wrap this case up
and bring everybody in.
But baby. baby.
you have nothing to worry about.
As long as none of the girls say
that you acted as a pimp.
you'll be fine.
- Yeah. I understand but
what about that punk hoe Paris?
I know they looking for her too.
- Don't worry about her.
- Okay. cool.
- And I have to head out. baby
cause I have so much stuff to get done.
and only have a few hours to get it done.
I'm gonna call you.
I'll let you know if I hear anything.
I'll give you all the updates
and don't have anything illegal on you.
No illegal contraband.
They can pick you up at
any moment. you know.
We don't wanna give them anything else.
- All right. all right.
Okay.
Well. I'll talk to you later.
(camera shutter clicking)
- You leave me no choice.
(car engine revving)
(car door bangs)
- Hey bro.
- What's up Keysh.
Keysh.
- Yeah.
- You cannot screw this up.
okay?
- Okay.
- I need you to take all my stuff
down to that safety
deposit box. all right?
I need you to do that
cause I don't want these
motherfuckers taking my shit.
I got to have something. if I go down
- Damn. bro. not you.
They about to take you away from me
- Girl. listen. ain't nobody
gonna take me nowhere. okay?
I need you to do that.
when I got the chance.
- But you just said. if you go down.
So you don't even know
what's about to happen.
Why is they looking for you anyways?
Do it got something to do with them girls?
I mean they can't take you
to jail for that. can they?
- That depends.
- Depends on what bro.
- Keysh.
I don't got time to talk
about this right now. okay?
I'll explain it to you later.
I just need you to handle that for me.
How about this?
How about we meet for
lunch and we talk about it.
- Okay. so now we're
gonna meet at mom's house.
- No. no
listen. listen. listen
handle this for me
and go by and see T.A..
Okay?
- Okay.
- I'm gonna all right.
Come here.
I'll be all right.
(camera shutter clicking)
(car engine revving)
- Sir exit the vehicle and sit right here.
- Miss Milton. will you.
please exit the vehicle.
- Yeah (indistinct)
okay. I understand.
yes.
Okay. okay.
Yup.
I understand.
Yes. thank you.
Yup.
Thanks.
Good bye.
Got to work with all the
subjects are in custody.
so you maybe (indistinct).
However. US attorney has raised issue
with their detains based upon
the way they were executed.
He's calling me with this
fucking bullshit like.
I'm the one who's responsible for putting
all the pressure on everyone here.
Excuse my language Agent Chan.
I just can't stand the audacity
of these assholes in Washington.
- I totally understand. sir.
Don't even worry about it.
You know what?
I personally believe
that you should be the
one to go down there
and change that policy.
(laughing)
- Are you trying to humor me here.
- No.
- I'm comfortable with where I am.
Anyway. how did everything go
with search for the other girl?
- Oh. sir.
The information I obtained was outdated.
I spoke to a neighbor briefly
and he says that no
one's lived at that house
in over a year.
- Well I guess. but in the meantime.
see if you could give
us updated information.
- I'll do.
What time are we having that briefing.
- Ah. within the next
half hour. stay close by.
- Of course. well do.
- But before I go. sir.
I have a question.
- What's it Agent Chan?
- Do you think that it would be necessary
for me to be the one to
interrogate this girls?
- You know. actually that
might not be a bad idea.
that's a good thing.
- All right.
- But of course. you know. the prosecutors
gonna wanna be present
during the interrogation.
They're much more valuable
to us as witnesses
then they are defendants.
- Absolutely sir.
Well. I'll see you at the briefing.
- You worrying too much.
I got this bitch.
- Listen pimp.
I know you think you've
got yo hoe on lock in all
but I'm worried about them
hoes that just got grabbed.
all right?
I don't think none of
them bitches can stand up
under pressure.
We talking about the government Key.
- I understand all that.
but you already briefed
all of 'em anyway right?
- Nigga do a bear shit in the woods.
Of course I did dawg.
That shit don't mean nothing.
Ain't none of these hoes
has been under that type
of microscope before blood.
plus. I don't think these
hoes love a nigga enough to go
to a can for a nigga.
- I feel you. but
just think of this like.
like. like a test.
- A test.
- Hear me out.
If these bitches stand up.
That means all that allegiance
they've been pledging.
that was true.
- So you wanna use this situation
as opportunity for your hoes.
to prove they selve to you right now?
- Yeah.
What better time than now T?
- Don't know if you fully understand.
Niggas is facing real
time right now. dawg.
The price is too high. playboy.
- Just wait this shit out. man.
- Let that bitch Kimmie work her magic.
♪ You is niggas broke out on get it ♪
♪ How the fuck nigga broke out of get it ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. ♪
♪ I don't got my motherfucking weight up ♪
♪ Weight up ♪
So agent.
just how long you've
been straddling the fence
- Straddling the fence?
I'm not sure what you're talking about.
- Oh. come on now.
You know exactly what
I'm talking about Chan.
I know you've been seeing that Watson guy
and you feeding him
information from the Bureau.
I know you've been sneaking
off having meetings with him.
I was there the other day when you two
went on your outing at
the corn beef place.
Remember. right after you
left the coffee house?
Should I remind you what
you had to eat for lunch?
I just don't understand.
why you stoop so low agent.
I mean. not all the
people to lose your life
and career over. you pick this scumbag.
Don't worry.
I ain't told a soul.
I haven't told a soul.
So if I don't wanna see you go to jail.
what am I gonna do?
That's probably be what
you're thinking. right?
Cause on one hand.
I do think you should go
to jail with these animals.
And on the other hand.
I kind of feel some sense of shame
and concern for you agent.
Well. here's the deal agent.
Today's your lucky day.
you could do but two things for me
and I'll completely forget about it
and let you off the hook.
Two things.
50.000 in cash
and your resignation from the
Bureau by tomorrow morning.
Now I don't have to remind you
what will happen if you
don't meet my requests. do I?
Undercover FBI agent.
Indicted and brought up on charges
that she violated the
Bureau's Code of Ethics.
as well as had relationships
and providing case information
to a suspected pimp
that she was assigned to investigate.
Now that's how that story
can look. front page news.
all across America.
Now.
I'm sure you can get the
money from your new boyfriend
and be sure to tell them
I ain't got no problem
seeing both of you go to jail
for the rest of your life.
Good day. agent.
- Y'all can't afford this pussy anyway.
Oh God. you can't. nope.
On my mama you can't.
You can't even afford
my mamas pussy. nigga.
- Hello Crystal.
Cristal.
I'm sure you know by now that.
I work for the United States government
and your
name has come up on our radar.
You have any idea why?
- All I know is you need to
turn the fucking heat up.
- Listen.
I don't think you realize
what kind of trouble you
and your friends are in.
And staying silent is not
gonna get you anywhere.
Except maybe on a plane to
USP Penitentiary for
women in West Virginia.
Okay. Let's. let's cut
the bullshit here. okay?
You are in a lot of shit
and you're gonna go away to
prison for a long time. okay?
Unless we work together.
So let's start with these.
- Okay. you're showing me these why?
- Because there is other
incriminating evidence
that we have Crystal.
In fact. I brought a special
guest to the event here.
My ace in the hole
you do remember Kimmie?
Kimmie Crystal. Crystal Kimmy.
Although Kimmie's not
exactly who you think she is.
In fact Kimmie works as a
special agent for the FBI
and her job assignment was to bring you.
and your cronies down.
- You look really nice.
in a
little cop outfit Kimmie.
But it's not really my type of attire
- Crystal.
you're going away for a very long time.
if you don't cooperate with us.
you know that right?
- So what do you want me to do?
- They want you to tell
us everything you know
about Keyshawn and T.A
and their activities.
and then. you can go scott-free
All You have to do is testify
in a secret trial.
And if you're called upon.
which you probably will not be.
you'll go to a jury.
And then you tell everybody
what you said today. simple.
- Unless I'm being charged with something
at this time I just want my lawyer.
- You realize how many
people are out there.
just like yourself?
They're in a maximum. 25 years or up
and you keep sticking your neck out here
for this guy. this bum.
- I understand what you're saying.
but like I said. I want my lawyer.
- Read that.
- You needed to see me sir
- Please come in and
close the door. agent.
I wanna start by saying that.
I've always thought that you
were a fine. brilliant agent.
We have a problem.
It seems the only clue we
have leads right to you.
- Problem?
Sir what kind of problem?
- Several hundred hours of wiretap files
have been deleted from our
systems central hard drive.
Would you happen to know
anything about that?
(upbeat music)
- Gentleman.
What's really going on here?
- Your honor.
the government has been investing a case
against the men who are
entangled with these women.
And these men are violent
and manipulative to the core.
- Your honor. my clients. the women.
aren't a threat to society
and nor should they be
considered a flight risk.
What the prosecutor is attempting to do
by keeping these women in custody
without bail. is a scare tactic.
And if you ask me your honor.
an act of kidnapping.
- Right.
- The petitioners. shall
remain in custody without bail
until the proceeding of the
grand jury is completed.
- This is bullshit. your honor.
- That's enough Mr. Levitt.
Now's there anything else?
I have to get back to court.
- Let's go.
(phone ringing)
- Hello.
- Mrs. Watson.
this is Dr. Landry from
Lake Shore Hospital.
I'm calling in regards to Timothy.
- Is he okay?
- No ma'am I wish I had
good news. but I don't.
I'm sorry to tell you this.
but last night shortly after three.
(clock ticking)
(door bell ringing)
(bus engine revving)
- [U.S. Attorney] Please
tell me the relationship
between yourself and Mr. Watson.
- I plead the fifth.
- [U.S. Attorney] Can you
please tell me the relationship
between yourself and Mr. Watson?
- I plead the fifth.
- [U.S. Attorney] Listen. can you please
tell me your relationship
between yourself and Mr. Watson?
- I plead the fifth.
- Every girl pleads the fifth.
(gun shots roaring)
- I'm Natalie Westbrook.
They call me Natty.
and. oh. yeah. he's a pimp.
He beat me and others.
T.A used to beat us sometimes
until we passed out.
I left. and his hoes jumped me.
- Got the indictments.
- Good shit bro.
- You know it. whoaa.
- So what you think
about all this mess pimp?
- I don't know.
I ain't got all the details yet T.
I'm just trying to figure out.
what kinda charges are
they gone try to pin on us.
But I'm gonna get a full
report from Kimmie tonight
- Yeah. man. it's just cold shit though.
- Trying to pin niggas for pimp.
- Well peep this.
you know. this country was
founded on illicit activities.
right?
After they established they land
which they stole
trying to put regulations on niggas. man.
Trying to prevent us from
making our mark in the world.
Straight pussy shit.
Shit it's yo turn pimp.
- I know.
(indistinct)
So what all did he say
about that Natty bitch?
- It was the DA dude.
he just asked if I knew who she was.
and when I said no. he knew I was lying.
I guess they had information
from sources confirming
that she was with you when we met.
- Sources. huh?
- Uh hum.
- I see.
I'm sure they didn't reveal
who those so-called sources was. huh?
That shit don't even surprise me.
Her testimony wasn't
even a deciding factor
in their indictment.
She really was just
another piece to the puzzle
that was going to get found
with or without her funky ass.
- Daddy. I never liked that bitch.
That slut has done
nothing but cause trouble.
since I've been here.
we should have killed
that punk ass that day.
- Or kick her and throw her waste box out.
- I know. right.
(thunder rumbling)
- I'm here. where are you?
- I'll be right there Agent. relax.
- How long?
I thought you'd be prompt.
- I'll be right there.
(thunder rumbling)
- You know Chan.
I'm not at all surprised
that you actually showed up here today.
I mean you are kind of witty
when it came to reason.
But this thing with you and the pimp.
I mean. we got his
black ass in a sling. so
it's not like you. anybody else
could do anything about it.
- What do you want the?
Meritorious Achievement
Award or some shit?
- Okay. you grew a sense of humor.
which is cool.
But I hear being a single mom
is a bit of a pain in the ass.
- Yeah. well. I'm sure
it couldn't be any worse
than having no life after work. agent.
- Enough of the funny.
where's the money?
- Here's your money. but
before I give it to you.
I need your assurance. that
you will stick to your word
and you won't try any funny
business after all this.
- Me giving my word is all you got.
And I know that don't mean nothing to you.
However. I hold the remote to this show.
So therefore just sit back and watch.
Now give me my fucking money.
(thunder rumbling)
Now I bet it's all here
but just in the event that it ain't.
this lil meeting that we had here tonight.
will be null and void.
goodnight agent.
(gun shots roaring)
(foot steps pattering)
- Perfect time fellas.
- Toss the burner.
(door hinges squeaking)
- I was surprised you
gave me the time of day.
- Well. yeah. if you
play your cards right.
this could be good for the both of us.
So you said your name was Brett. right?
Yes Brett.
- Uh. and this is your place.
- Uh hum.
- Nice place you got here Brett
- Make yourself at home.
would you like some dessert?
- Umm yeah. you got a
rest room I can use first?
- Of course. second door on your right.
- All right baby. I'll be right back.
(high-heels clattering)
(glass clinking)
- How's the drink baby?
- Pretty good actually.
- Yeah. it's done.
- You ain't gone keep
your pants on this time.
are you?
- Toby. you know I don't like
taking them off right away.
- Come on now. ain't
nobody coming out this late
and you know it.
- Okay. baby I love you.
Toby somebody's out there.
Oh my God. I hope they
not carrying in that bag
what I think they are.
- Be quite.
- Oh My God. Toby we gonna do something.
- Shut up. there's nothing we can do.
That person in that bag is already dead.
Just stay calm until they leave.
Otherwise. I know they gonna kill us.
- It's time to get the fuck out of here.
- And I'm calling the police.
- Ready.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
♪ Damn she say I'm toxic ♪
♪ I say. do you want Habachi ♪
♪ with them chop sticks ♪
♪ You want that robe coat or a Moncler♪
♪ And all she say is I'm
gonna miss her when ♪
♪ she's not here ♪
♪ In my mind ♪
♪ I don't know how we got here ♪
♪ All I can feel is jet
lag from my last flight ♪
♪ Figure it out life was
much slower in my past life ♪
♪ Figured it out all would
be forgiving if the bag ♪
♪ right. ♪
♪ And then she spazz ♪
♪ Whenever I eat the last bite. ♪
♪ She keep asking ♪
♪ Where was I at last night ♪
♪ All she's missing is
the badge in the flash. ♪
♪ Already strapped. now
you just like the police. ♪
(door bangs)
- Stay in the bed Keyshawn.
lay the fuck down. face down.
We have a federal order for your arrest.
- You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney.
If you cannot afford one.
one will be appointed to you.
- Every game has an end Watson.
- Fuck you.
(fans booing)
(door knocking)
- You know what it is?
- Damn. can I at least finish
my motherfucking food first?
- No the fuck you can not big fella.
- Come on.
- All right. that makes sense.
Yeah. okay. what time
did you call the police?
- We called the police about like. 10:30.
- Type me up a letter of
condolence to his family.
And when you get that done.
bring it to me so I can read it over.
- Jesus
I'm just hearing that they.
- Yes. we've lost a fine young agent.
- What happened?
- Well. that we're not too sure of.
The only thing we do know at this point
Is that he was taken by
a group of black males
in an unknown make and model black truck.
- That's odd.
- Tell me about it.
I'm leaving in a few minutes
to find out more firsthand.
We have two teens here now
that seemed to have witnessed it all.
And they claim to have
physical descriptions
of the suspects.
Just waiting on Washington
to give us the green light to
take over the investigation.
I'm sure by now that
hick police department
has screwed up the entire crime scene.
- Let's hope not. I just.
I can't believe this.
Not Daley.
- I don't know what kind of animal
would have done such a thing?
- What do you want me to do?
- Not to worry agent we're on it.
- Finish the things you
were already working on.
I hear the apprehension of
Watson and Smith went well.
That's good.
We can't let these bastards
get away with anything.
- Excuse me sir.
the conference room is
ready for the briefing.
- The briefing?
What briefing?
- With the media.
- Oh. right.
Let's make this quick.
- Good looking woman you've got there.
Oh. I see.
You're a hard ass.
Well. what if I told you
that that pretty young
chick that you thought
was a hooker was actually
one of my agents.
- Then I'll tell you the same thing.
Talk to my lawyer.
- Damn I'm glad that bitch
pulled our coattail when she did
- Hello. Mr. Smith.
Special Agent In Charge Sydney Bender.
Mind if we talk for a few minutes?
- Man. talk about what homie?
- You guys are in a lot of trouble.
We have witnesses. wire
tabs. a whole list of things.
Basically. I have two
choices here. my man.
Can either tell us all that you know
or go away for the
remainder of your youth.
- Say man.
when do I get to see the judge?
- Last thing you need to
be worried about right now
is seeing a judge. brother.
What you need to focus on
is helping us and helping you
- Man. get outta here.
I ain't trying to hear that bullshit.
Y'all do what y'all gotta
do to me and my lawyers
yeah that's right motherfucker.
I said lawyers.
We'll do the same.
Now. if you don't mind.
I got some shit to think about.
(laughing)
(car engine revving)
- Go to the door with
the PO. cover him from .
Chan you didn't have to
come we have a cover.
- I know. I know but I owe it to Greg.
- Okay then. he's gonna go
to the door with the PO.
we won't move in until
he brandishes his weapon
and has a suspect at bay.
(door knocking)
- Damn. this slow motherfucker here. man.
Should have been here.
Knocking on the door. man.
Oh shit. fuck.
Fuck y'all doing mane.
- This is the FBI.
Tiahmo Lewis you have
five minutes to come out .
- Y'all know I'm not going back in here.
- Come out with your hands up
or we will have no choice
but to enter the home with force
- Oh. shit she a fed.
Oh this punk head bitch.
She set me up.
I should have knew her
ass was a fucking fed.
but I aint going out like dat
That pussy bitch gotta die mane
Goddamn.
Everything that's on my phone.
But if I die. I'm not gonna die alone.
- Aye mane
somebody gone die nigga.
(glass shuttering)
- He's got a gun.
(gun shot roaring)
♪ Please help me ♪
♪ Hurry streets have got me ♪
♪ And I don't want to leave this world ♪
♪ Unforgiving ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ Lord. please help me ♪
♪ Hurry. streets have me ♪
♪ And I don't want to leave this world ♪
♪ Unforgiving ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ The city never sleep. if
he don't work he don't eat ♪
♪ In the ghetto. only rule
is to stay in your shoes ♪
♪ Seen nigga out there square ♪
♪ Trying to fit in with players ♪
♪ But can't nobody do the work ♪
♪ Without getting dirt on the shirt. ♪
♪ Got one foot out the game. ♪
♪ Got one foot in the Lac'. ♪
♪ The good the bad with nothing between ♪
♪ it's either this or it's that. ♪
♪ Roaming around like a lion mane ♪
♪ king of the jungle ♪
♪ Trying to get my
quarterback catching bricks ♪
♪ With no fumbles. ♪
♪ Thinking right but doing
wrong that's island I'm on ♪
♪ And am stuck just like a duck
when that crocodile struck ♪
♪ I ain't stepped up out this circle ♪
♪ Cause I steady keep sinning
walking in this revelations ♪
♪ Dying slow unforgiving ♪
♪ Get my mind out the gutter ♪
♪ Get my son from his mother ♪
♪ Help my mama raise my cousin. ♪
♪ Now lil Derek my brother. ♪
♪ I can't gamble in these streets ♪
♪ Cause am needed at home ♪
♪ Got my anty out of church
playing hard for my shirt ♪
♪ Lord please. help me ♪
♪ Hurry. streets have got me ♪
♪ And I don't wanna leave this world ♪
♪ Unforgiving. ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ Lord please. help me ♪
♪ Hurry. streets have got me ♪
♪ And I don't wanna leave this world ♪
♪ Unforgiving. ♪
♪ lord ♪
♪ The pages. the chapters
before and here after ♪
♪ The rage and wrath
chop a nigga in half ♪
♪ Chronicles of a loser ♪
♪ Meaning under achiever ♪
♪ Accustomed to corner delis
and sweet. sweet Chiba. ♪
♪ Leaving in. striving in. digging ♪
♪ Unless you making my
worth like 10 grand ♪
♪ Working. shackles on
my feets and hands ♪
♪ They poke me with they stars
and red and white bars. ♪
♪ And my mouth ♪
♪ they handled me rough. ♪
♪ Now my city is martial law ♪
♪ Surrounded by gangs that rumble ♪
♪ You feel the earth ♪
♪ Can just scream stuffed
into a mere mumble. ♪
♪ The jungle. the trilogy continues ♪
♪ The majority hell driven. ♪
♪ the last and final amends ♪
♪ The Unforgiving.. ♪
♪ Lord please. help me ♪
♪ Hurry. streets have got me ♪
♪ And I don't wanna leave this world ♪
♪ Unforgiving ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ They don't believe us when we say ♪